we got some mustard some molasses some
glasses some ketchup I can't stand catch
I know you don't like ketchup but you
like it mix yet it I think you I do
uh-huh brown sugars parents were killed
by ketchup okay okay and throw a little
bowl of glass in there too and this is
like a little secret in green at this is
like apricot preserves well now it's not
a secret anymore is it okay all right up
and then basically put it back into the
into the big green egg to the big green
egg uh-huh what i wanted to point out to
you is i'm using a low pot so the smoke
actually penetrates it if you have a
high pot you really can't get like that
flavor oh so you don't want it to be you
know what I so you want it more even
that's why we do a low pot okay right
nice let me grab guys we got a minute
and a half okay we're gonna do it all
right now here's the finished product
that's it here's the finished product
now do you like your sauce chunky or
smooth chunky if you are ya be still I
like it smooth so what do we have in
half okay all right right okay I've used
this thing yeah all right in here mo you
see what's going on here oh uh oh just
press the button right there are 0 that
one all right ok now we're buzzing this
a little to get everything mixed in all
right now Alice let's cut up some of the
ribs yeah yeah cut up some of the risk
cuz we're ready with my uh we got one
minute left here with my meat shetty
jermal come up here oh yeah you got your
big machete yeah you made this yourself
yeah caramel hold on to this thing will
you okay okay don't lose your mustache
okay if you like that yeah how's it feel
careful huh dangerous feel like you're
in West Side Story and be the winner
all right oh look at that that is
beautiful pour some of that dickel sauce
right all right Wow exact good yeah just
like that cuz we'll eat right on the
board oh yeah of course without think
that what we're gonna do right on the
board I do a little bored dressing which
is this a little bit of olive oil fresh
herbs Wow people can use this all
cutting board it and sort of like that
day now and let's eat it ciao it's it go
ahead get and we'll grab something what
does he do just dip it in there na na oh
here we go we got it oh here you go
buddy all right just I mean you could do
that but I wish you could poor guy well
we shud had him do it yeah I feel
terrible for him well thank you very
much Adam Perry Lang his cookbook that's
called serious BBQ burners website Adam
Perry Lang Tom it's sticking hot is
ridiculous kiss me right back with music
from Luke Bryan